==========
2010-06-22
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-06-22 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
   http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-06-22.log.html#t2010-06-22T18:01:40

Attendees
---------

Christian Theune, Jens Vagelpohl, Tres Seaver, Charlie Clark, Marius Gedminas

Bug tracking
============

The bug tracker monitoring script which is intended to alert developers about
newly reported bugs that are missing attention is in place and also now
includes the name of the project or project group that is being checked.

We decided to run those tests only once per week to keep the noise down (we
probably won't make too much progress in the near future). We also reduced
threshold for bugs being marked as languishing from 14 days to 7 days to cater
for the higher latency.

Documentation
=============

Tres reported that the he landed his proposed documentation changes in the
zope.event trunk. He would also like to see all the other packages from the
toolkit to have their documentation changed this way and reachable from the
toolkit documentation on docs.zope.org. We also need to find a way to update
the package documentation regularly based on the packages' trunks.

For the floating documentation we need people to find links to candidate
documentation that should be integrated and then have a group of people edit
that documentation by evaluating it and update it while turning it over into
the Sphinx-based documentation. The second part appears to be suitable for a
sprint.

Bug day
=======

Tres updated the bug day's wiki page gathering the feedback from all
developers. Charlie noted that he liked the feedback mails for the better
visibility to non-bug-dayers.

Christian will schedule the next bug day by providing a Doodle for the next
time including a link to the reports of the last bug day. The next bug day
will be in the week of July 12th-18th.

Agenda
======

- Bug tracking
    - Monitoring tracker status (Charlie Clark, ctheune)

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org

- Review bug day
    - Comments about the bug day
    - Scheduling the next bug day

Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.

- ZTK status
    - Towards a ZTK release
        - Documentation
        - Release scope

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Windows
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-14)
        - Win egg builder (Adam)
        - Documentation about VM setup (Adam)
    - Supporting Python 2.7
        - Needs help from the buildbots

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org
        - write blueprint for the consolidation effort (Theuni)
        - Find candidate links and gather them centrally
        - Edit/update the documentation from the link list and
          land in Sphinx-style during a sprint
    - Turn ZTK package documentation into sphinx style (like zope.event)
        - write bug and assign to toolkit projects (Theuni)
    - Provide package documentation under docs.zope.org/<packagename> and keep
      updated based on the projects' trunks. (Jens)

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?

- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)


Topic proposals
---------------

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.
