==========
2010-06-29
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-06-29 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
    http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-06-29.log.html#t2010-06-29T18:00:17

Attendees
---------

Charlie Clark, Adam Groszer, Jens Vagelpohl, Chris McDonough

KGS 3.4.1 release
-----------------

The KGS 3.4.1 was released and Adam was thanked for his work. He pointed out
that the checklist for announcements contained a reference to a German
magazine that requires a German translation but hasn't found any German
willing to do the translation yet. He was pointed to ask on the mailing list.

The topic of the end of life for Zope 3 releases crept up again and it was
pointed out that Zope 3.4 is the last major release: there will be no Zope 3.5
but BlueBream.

Zope summit
-----------

Some people threw in some thoughts they had about discussing future Zope
developments. Here's a paraphrased list of what was said on IRC:

* Charlie Clark would like to ponder certification on software quality
  (touching test coverage)
* Charlie Clark would like to see more explanation on how to use a
  component-based approach for solving problems instead of adding more
  features
* Adam would like to look around at "others" to find out where Zope is missing
  out
* Charlie and Chris think that the "bicycle toolkit" should be discussed


Agenda
======

- Wrap up/review of KGS 3.4.1 release, any next steps?

- Expectations for the upcoming Zope summit?



Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.

- ZTK status
    - Towards a ZTK release
        - Documentation
        - Release scope

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Windows
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-14)
        - Win egg builder (Adam)
        - Documentation about VM setup (Adam)
    - Supporting Python 2.7
        - Needs help from the buildbots

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org
        - write blueprint for the consolidation effort (Theuni)
        - Find candidate links and gather them centrally
        - Edit/update the documentation from the link list and
          land in Sphinx-style during a sprint
    - Turn ZTK package documentation into sphinx style (like zope.event)
        - write bug and assign to toolkit projects (Theuni)
    - Provide package documentation under docs.zope.org/<packagename> and keep
      updated based on the projects' trunks. (Jens)

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?

- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)


Topic proposals
---------------

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.
