==========
2010-06-15
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-06-15 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
  http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-06-15.log.html#t2010-06-15T18:00:35

Attendees
---------

Charlie Clark, Adam Groszer, Christian Theune, Jens Vagelpohl


Test runners / nightly builds
-----------------------------

Adam received his MSDN license and was able to retrieve software. He pointed
out that the license is valid for a year. After that we need to consider
renewal (unless the VS express editions work out).

A survey on zope-dev showed that the other developers who asked for a license
didn't receive theirs, yet.

Adam continues to work on the VM setup at rackspace, preparing the eggbuilder
and buildout slaves. 

Supporting Python 2.7
---------------------

Supporting Python 2.7 involves at least the following actions:

- get buildbot owners to run with Python 2.7 additionally
- review RestrictedPython

Charlie Clark points out that he has been running installations using Python
2.7 with no practical problems.

Metrics for bug days
---------------------

2010-06-15 features a bug day and we'd like to get a better grasp on what we
get out of the bug days. After some discussion on quantitative metrics the
decision turned towards a qualitative assessment: Christian Theune will write
another invitation to the zope-dev list asking every developer who
participated in the bug day to write a short summary of what he did/achieved
during the bug day.

The sum of those summaries should provide a good overview to others of what
happened.

Index view for download.zope.org
--------------------------------

Jens turned download.zope.org into a standard auto-generated index page which
Adam acknowledged as a solution to his (proxied) request.


Agenda (draft)
==============

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Windows
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-14)
        - Win egg builder (Adam)
        - Documentation about VM setup (Adam)
    - Supporting Python 2.7
        - Needs help from the buildbots

- Metrics for bug days
    - Find a way to demonstrate what/how much work happened on a bug day.

Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.

- ZTK status
    - Towards a ZTK release
        - Documentation
        - Release scope


- KGS 3.4.1 release
    - Index view for download.zope.org

- Bug tracking
    - Monitoring tracker status (Charlie Clark, ctheune)

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?


- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)


Topic proposals
---------------

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.
