==========
2010-10-12
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-10-12 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
    http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-10-12.log.html#t2010-10-12T18:01:32

Attendees
---------

Christian Theune, Charlie Clark, Adam Groszer, Marius Gedminas

Summit goal followup
--------------------

Charlie noted that the time scales on the summit goals are still missing.
Christian reported that he originally wanted to gather detail descriptions
with everything that was mentioned during the meeting from every individual
on the spot but hadn't had a chance to do that. Christian signed up to ask the
individual owners of the tasks to fill the details into the wiki
(http://wiki.zope.org/ztk/ZopeSummit2010Summary).

As some task owners were present at the meeting, we went through their tasks:

Christian signed up for the Zope sprints. He detailed that he'd like to find
topics and interested people for a few dedicated Zope sprints in 2011 until
the end of the year. He also keeps an eye on the organization of broader
sprints a PyCon and EuroPython as the ZF wanted to push those as well.

Marius is signed up to fix the 5 most incomprehensible error messages by the
end of the year. His research is ongoing - he's trying to get people to report
those errors to him.

Charlie is signed up to establish/improve a/the developer guide by the end of
2010.

Bug day
-------

Responses to the current bug day doodle are missing. The last bug days had
usually quite a few people subscribe in the Doodle but substantially less
showed up.

Apart from unpredictability of schedule or keeping up committments
that conflict with business Charlie recommended to make it more clear that
subscribing for the whole day is not necessary to make a difference. We should
be more inviting to people that would be happy to spend maybe 1 or 2 hours.

Also, we should spend more time upfront to select which bugs to work on and
discuss them on the mailing list so that it is clear what people will work on
and maybe also people work on bugs before/after the bug day.


Agenda
======

- Follow-up on summit goals
- Review bug day, plan next bug day

Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.


- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)

- Repository policy

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Supporting Python 2.7
        - Needs help from the buildbots
    - Windows
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-14)
    - Build bot organization

- Bug day organization

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org
        - Write blueprint for the consolidation effort (Theuni)
          see
          https://blueprints.edge.launchpad.net/zopetoolkit-project/+spec/consolidate-documentation
        - Find candidate links and gather them centrally
        - Edit/update the documentation from the link list and
          land in Sphinx-style during a sprint
    - Turn ZTK package documentation into sphinx style (like zope.event)
        - write bug and assign to toolkit projects (Theuni)
    - Unified index?

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?


Topic proposals
---------------

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.
