==========
2010-06-08
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-06-08 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
  http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-06-08.log.html#t2010-06-08T18:02:12

Attendees
---------

Adam Groszer, Charlie Clark, Christian Theune


KGS 3.4.1
---------

The KGS according to Adam only requires a version bump from release candidate
to final. Along the way he updated the release process documentation for the
KGS which can be found here: http://wiki.zope.org/zope3/MakingARelease.

Adam will poke Jens about getting a better index view for download.zope.org.


Test-runners/nightly builds
---------------------------

The funding for a VM at Rackspace was granted by the ZF for a testing period
of two months. Adam reported that MS announced the MSDN licenses to be
available around 2010-06-14.

The activation of the VM is on hold as long as Adam is working on the
software that automatically creates binary eggs for releases (wineggbuilder).
He will also write documentation on how the VM was set up.


Meta
----

Charlie Clark is now officially the second person organizing the weekly
meetings. Christian and Charlie will coordinate directly to keep it going.

A quick question for how people feel about the meeting showed general
approvement while also pointing out declining participation. One reason seems
to be that we've been treading maintenance issues in the last weeks (KGS
3.4.1, test runners, bug tracking, ...) which may not be a very attractive
topic.

Christian expressed he is somewhat uncomfortable opening up more issues in
parallel as long as we don't find a better way of managing them. Christian
will ask the Launchpad folks whether they know about a way to using LP for
managing our agenda.

Additionally we will switch to preparing the agenda on mondays and making them
more of an invitation style so that we have a higher chance of people actually
stating their topic wishes.

Agenda
======

- KGS 3.4.1 release
    - Document release procedure (Adam)
    - Index view for download.zope.org

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Windows machines
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-02)
        - AMI/ (Sidnei, Adam)
        - Amazon funding (Adam, Christian Theune)

- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)
    - Find second person to run the weekly meetings

Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.

- ZTK status
    - Towards a ZTK release
        - Documentation
        - Release scope


- Bug tracking
    - Monitoring tracker status (Charlie Clark, ctheune)

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?

- Metrics for bug days
    - Find a way to demonstrate what/how much work happened on a bug day.


Topic proposals
---------------

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.


