==========
2010-09-28
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-09-28 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
    http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-09-28.log.html#t2010-09-28T18:01:27

Attendees
---------

Charlie Clark, cwarner, Adam Groszer, Marius Gedminas, Patrick Gerken

Follow-up on summit topics
--------------------------

Charlie asked for the progress on the post-summit tasks. The summary provided
by Christian doesn't reflect all the information given during the summit and
haven't been compiled into the summary wiki page
(http://wiki.zope.org/ztk/ZopeSummit2010Summary), but only state the
headlines. This leaves both detailed explanation of the goals as well as the
deadlines missing.

Charlie offered to ask Christian about the missing data.

Agenda
======

- Follow-up on summit topics



Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.


- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Supporting Python 2.7
        - Needs help from the buildbots
    - Windows
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-14)
    - Build bot organization

- Bug day organization

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org
        - Write blueprint for the consolidation effort (Theuni)
          see
          https://blueprints.edge.launchpad.net/zopetoolkit-project/+spec/consolidate-documentation
        - Find candidate links and gather them centrally
        - Edit/update the documentation from the link list and
          land in Sphinx-style during a sprint
    - Turn ZTK package documentation into sphinx style (like zope.event)
        - write bug and assign to toolkit projects (Theuni)
    - Unified index?

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?


Topic proposals
---------------

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.
