==========
2010-05-18
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-05-18 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Agenda
======

- Windows builds
    - AMI (Sidnei, Adam)
    - Compiler licenses (Tres)
    - Amazon funding (Adam, Christian Theune)

- Bug tracking
    - Monitoring tracker status (Charlie Clark, ctheune)

- Preparing for Bugday 2010-05-19


Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.

- KGS 3.4.1 release
    - Document release procedure (Adam)
    - Index view for download.zope.org

- ZTK status
    - Towards a ZTK release
        - Documentation
        - Release scope

- Test runners / nightly builds
      - Windows machines

- Meta
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)
    - Find second person to run the weekly meetings


Topic proposals
---------------

- Lennart: Of course what applies to Hanno should apply to others making
  releases of packages maintained by the Zope Toolkit project as well. I think
  the ZTK leadership should figure out some kind of guidelines for this that
  people can follow.

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-05-18.log.html#t2010-05-18T18:07:10

Windows builds
--------------

Adam didn't manage to look at the AMI builds yet, but he'll try for next week.

The VS licenses haven't turned up yet either and Christian Theune agreed to
bring the issue up at the next foundation's board's meeting.

The foundation board agreed in general that the foundation will finance build
infrastructure for Windows but needs a volunteer from the community to take
responsibility on making a plan what to buy, how to maintain it, etc. Adam
agreed to draft a plan and Christian Theune offered to help putting it into
shape for presenting it to the board.

Bug tracking
------------

The Zope 3 bug tracker is almost emptied out [By the time of writing the
protocol there's 25 open bugs left in it.]. We'll continue to migrate/triage
the remaining bugs in the coming days/weeks.

The two project groups (zopetoolkit and zopeapp) provide a good overview of
bugs in the official packages by now (see https://bugs.edge.launchpad.net/zopetoolkit
and https://bugs.edge.launchpad.net/zopeapp) although the zopeapp list seems
suspiciously short.

Christian Theune would like to get into a more steady mode of triaging them to
lower the response time for people who report bugs. One part of this is the
check-bugs script done by Charlie Clark which will be integrated into the
daily test aggregation to report about languishing bugs. Christian Theune will
set up the check script on one of his servers that also runs the repository
checks.

Another part is to clean up the situation about bug notifications from
Launchpad so that individual developers get notified in time.  Christian
Theune has been working on merging the various teams in Launchpad that exist
so that there will be an administrative one (for managing the Launchpad
project metadata) and one for developers (to handle bugs and day-to-day
tasks).  Once this is done individual developers should receive Launchpad
notifications for newly reported bugs.

Bug day 2010-05-19
------------------

The next bug day is this week on 2010-05-19. We didn't manage to talk much
about this in preparation, although there was some triaging done by people and
http://wiki.zope.org/ztk/BugDay20100519 shows a good list of people wanting to
work on bugs.
