==========
2010-05-11
==========

This is the summary of the weekly Zope developer meeting which happened on
Tuesday, 2010-05-11 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

The agenda for this meeting is available in the mailing list archives:
https://mail.zope.org/pipermail/zope-dev/2010-May/040543.html

The IRC log is here:
http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-05-11.log.html#t2010-05-11T18:03:06

Present
=======

Charlie Clark (convenor), Christian Theune, Christophe Combelles, Adam
Groszer, Baiju Muthukadan, Sidnei da Silva

KGS Status
==========

3.4.1b1 has been released. Since last week all tests past and an announcement
has been made to encourage testing as documentation is outstanding. Another
release is planned this weekend.

Adam to coordinate releases with Jens. More information on release procedure
or the steps required so that the KGS can be released directly would be
appreciated.

Baiju suggested at least an index view for http://downloads.zope.com

Windows Builds
==============

Sidnei has made his Amazon image available to Adam for testing who will head
this effort. It was agreed that Python 2.5 on Windows 64 will never be
available for technical reasons.

The Zope Foundation has agreed to cover the costs for the buildbots but
requires someone to be officially responsible for this.  (Adam to coordinate
with Christian Theune)

Still no feedback from Microsoft about the MSDN licences. From last week there
still seemed to be some confusion about the validity of the licences for the
proposed use.  (Continue to badger Microsoft about this and while we're at it
- has anyone asked them about using Azure for the Windows buildbots?)

ZTK Status
==========

There is agreement in the steering committee and progress. Christophe has a
tool for detecting upgrades http://bitbucket.org/ccomb/z3c.checkversions which
will go into the Zope repository at some point.  (Check versions into
repository and an issue tracker on Lauchpad)

Bugday
======

A reminder to all that there will be a bugday next week and all are invited to
sign up http://wiki.zope.org/ztk/BugDay20100519 Participation can be limited
to reviewing bugs with patches.

Christian Theune hopes to do some triaging at the weekend, but there's more
triaging required.

Housekeeping
============

The minutes of all meetings will be archived at
svn.zope.org/repos/main/zopetoolkit/doc/source as per Hanno's recent
suggestion.
