==========
2010-05-04
==========

This is the summary of the weekly Zope developer meeting which happened on
Tuesday, 2010-05-04 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from15:00 to 15:45 UTC.

The agenda for this meeting is available in the mailing list archives:
https://mail.zope.org/pipermail/zope-dev/2010-May/040493.html

The IRC log is here:
http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-05-04.log.html#t2010-05-04T18:00:13

Present
=======

Charlie Clark (convenor in Theuni's absence), Tres Seaver, Hanno Schlichting, Christophe Combelles, Lennart Regebro, Adam Groszer, Baiju Muthukadan, Marius Gediminas, Leonardo Almeida, Chris Warner, Fred Drake

KGS Status
==========

3.4.1 is nearly ready for release - all tests pass. Some housekeeping still required for a beta release.

- Adam to check with Jens Vagelpohl on getting access to dowloads.zope.org

Test runners/nightly builds - Windows machines
==============================================

- 2 test failures on Python 2.4 & 2.5 from a total of 9404 tests
- Still waiting to hear from Microsoft regarding the licences (Tres will follow this up)
- Amazon image still required from Sidnei
- Grok smoketest required (To be taken up by the ZTK release team due to meet on Thursday)

Deprecating older Python versions
=================================

4:1 votes in favour of officially dropping support for Python 2.4.

However, after an impassioned plea by Fred Drake it was agreed that providing
legacy support for Python 2.4 in ZTK 1.0.x would cost little. Problems are
currently restricted to doctests and workarounds are known. No one should
start new ZTK-based work with Python 2.4

Support will be dropped completely from ZTK 1.1 on and in any case by
2010-12-31. ZTK 1.1 will allow features that are not compatible with Python 2.4
and possibly also with 2.5

Bug day reminder
================

The next bug day is 2010-05-19.

Launchpad gardening and triaging will be required before then.
