==========
2010-07-13
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-07-13 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
    http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-07-13.log.html#t2010-07-13T17:57:24

Attendees
---------

Christian Theune, Charlie Clark, Tres Seaver, Fred Drake, Hanno Schlichting

Abandoned projects
------------------

Tres reported that there are a bunch of projects in SVN that nobody seems to
care about (at least enough to update copyright heads, conform to policy,
...). In the long run those may need to be moved away from the main tree or
repository to signal that they're not actively maintained.

We'd like to take action to figure out which of those projects really aren't
maintained anymore.

A first step for this would be to make it more visible who the developers are
that (used to) maintain the code. The idea came up to enhance the repository
policy report with the information of "when was the last commit", "who were
the frequent committers for this branch". This would allow developers to
quickly scan the list of projects for their name and thus check faster whether
any of the projects they are interested in needs attention.

Charlie Clark volunteered to make the necessary changes to the repository
policy checking code as soon as he has time in the next week(s).

ZTK vs Python 2.7
-----------------

The mailing list thread about ZTK/Python 2.7 was picked up. Tres expressed interest in supporting Python 2.7 ASAP.

For ZTK 1.0 there are multiple reasons not to support Python 2.7:

* ZTK 1.0 still needs to support Python 2.4 and supporting many Python
  versions in parallel (2.4-2.7) is maybe not a good idea
* ZODB 3.9 isn't compatible and upgrading to 3.10 won't happen before ZTK 1.1

ZTK 1.1 then could drop support for Python 2.4 and upgrade packages to get
them in a version that supports Python 2.7.

Windows help needed
-------------------

Tres noted that we're notoriously short on Windows developers that help fixing
bug. If you're a Windows developer then we would appreciate if you could help
fixing bugs quickly that appear on Windows as none of the core developers run
Windows as their primary working environment.


Agenda
======

- Abandoned projects (Tres)

Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.

- Use of $Id$ properties in code (keep, remove active, remove
  opportunistically)
  See https://mail.zope.org/pipermail/zope-cmf/2010-July/029208.html

- Expectations for the upcoming Zope summit?

- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)

- ZTK status
    - Towards a ZTK release
        - Documentation
        - Release scope

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Windows
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-14)
        - Win egg builder (Adam)
        - Documentation about VM setup (Adam)
    - Supporting Python 2.7
        - Needs help from the buildbots

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org
        - write blueprint for the consolidation effort (Theuni)
        - Find candidate links and gather them centrally
        - Edit/update the documentation from the link list and
          land in Sphinx-style during a sprint
    - Turn ZTK package documentation into sphinx style (like zope.event)
        - write bug and assign to toolkit projects (Theuni)
    - Provide package documentation under docs.zope.org/<packagename> and keep
      updated based on the projects' trunks. (Jens)

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?

Topic proposals
---------------

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.
