==========
2010-08-10
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-08-10 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
    http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-08-10.log.html#t2010-08-10T17:57:52

Attendees
---------

Charlie Clark, Christian Theune, Adam Groszer, Matthew Wilkes, Patrick Gerken, 

DZUG conference / summit preparation
------------------------------------

Charlie mentioned that the conference could use a bit more publicity. He 
volunteered to ensure we geta link from pycon.org  to the conference homepage. 
Christian Theune agreed to send mails to the related mailing lists that were
mentioned.

We also pointed out the programme to the others present at the meeting and
answered some specific questions including that some parts of the programme
will be in English but the major part is held in German. We won't make video
recordings of the talk as we aren't prepared to deal with neither the
technology nor the legal implications.

The summit preparation is getting along: we're currently making sure every
participant has a hotel room and is getting his travels and maybe
participation with the DZUG conference sorted out. Christian is hoping to get
a rough list of topics within the next days.

Test runners vs. noise
----------------------

Christian feels that the test aggregator currently contains too much noise and
is thus disregarded at times. A two-fold improvement was suggested: make the
mail body contain less information (only the subjects of the failed tests) and
provide a single link to an HTML page that displays the results of all tests
in a stable sorting. Christian agreed to contact Stefan Holek to find out
about the existing code so we can improve it.

Charlie also recommended looking at a talk that was held at EP this year:
http://wiki.europython.eu/Talks/Visualizing%20Software%20Quality

Wineggbuilder
-------------

Adam has published documentation about the windows buildbot/wineggbuilder that
is paid for by the foundation:
http://docs.zope.org/zopetoolkit/process/winbotsetup.html 

In addition to the technical details Adam agreed to provide some introductory
information that tells developers what this service is for and how to deal
with it.

The egg builder currently runs once a day. As it takes only 40 seconds during
an empty run we decided to increase the frequency to every 30 minutes.

Documentation
-------------

Christian noted that he managed to write the bug for cleaning up documentation
and the blueprint for gathering floating documentation.


Agenda
======

- Update on Zope summit and DZUG conference

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Reduce noise from test runs (try getting to a green bar)
    - Windows
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-14)
        - Win egg builder (Adam)
        - Documentation about VM setup (Adam)

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org
        - Write blueprint for the consolidation effort (Theuni)
          see
          https://blueprints.edge.launchpad.net/zopetoolkit-project/+spec/consolidate-documentation
        - Find candidate links and gather them centrally
        - Edit/update the documentation from the link list and
          land in Sphinx-style during a sprint
    - Turn ZTK package documentation into sphinx style (like zope.event)
        - write bug and assign to toolkit projects (Theuni)
    - Provide package documentation under docs.zope.org/<packagename> and keep
      updated based on the projects' trunks. (Jens)
    - Unified index?



Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.

- Abandoned projects (Tres)

- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)

- ZTK status
    - Towards a ZTK release
        - Documentation
        - Release scope

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Supporting Python 2.7
        - Needs help from the buildbots

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?


Topic proposals
---------------

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.
