==========
2010-08-24
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-08-24 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
    http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-08-24.log.html

Attendees
---------

Hanno Schlichting, Charlie Clark, Christian Theune, Patrick Gerken, Adam
Groszer

Last bug day
------------

Although many people answered the Doodle for the bug day in August the actual
participation was quite low. It seems that most people had unexpected urgent
customer issues to deal with on that specific day.

Only Michael Howitz and Jens Vagelpohl responded to the request for reports on
the mailing list.

As September will feature the DZUG conference and the Zope summit the next bug
day will be scheduled a little further down the calendar to avoid clashes with
travel plans and people needing to catch up with everyday business after
travelling.


Buildbot organization
---------------------

Adam asked for talking about organizing the buildbots more so that people can
get a better overview of all the builds.

Patrick already experimented with a script that fetches data from the
buildbots and creates an overarching display (screenshot:
http://picasaweb.google.de/lh/photo/jUOVCcnJEV2KeYI9R_pUCMdjTw5Dqg3R_WEjti4Vahk?feat=twitter)

A small terminology debate occured where Patrick noted that people tend to use
both 'dev' and 'trunk' in the buildbots. Hanno brought the argument that 'dev'
is what we suffix development releases with when denoting a version and thus
'dev'. In comparison to 'trunk', 'dev' is also agnostic to the VCS and was
thus being favored in general.

Christian got the code for the aggregator script that fetches information from
mail.zope.org and assembles the daily messages to zope-dev. It has been
checked into his sandbox in Subversion. We can now work on an improved version
of that script.


Agenda
======

- Last bug day
- Organizing buildbots

Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.

- Abandoned projects (Tres)

- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)

- ZTK status
    - Towards a ZTK release
        - Documentation
        - Release scope

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Supporting Python 2.7
        - Needs help from the buildbots
    - Windows
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-14)

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org
        - Write blueprint for the consolidation effort (Theuni)
          see
          https://blueprints.edge.launchpad.net/zopetoolkit-project/+spec/consolidate-documentation
        - Find candidate links and gather them centrally
        - Edit/update the documentation from the link list and
          land in Sphinx-style during a sprint
    - Turn ZTK package documentation into sphinx style (like zope.event)
        - write bug and assign to toolkit projects (Theuni)
    - Unified index?

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?


Topic proposals
---------------

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.
