==========
2010-07-27
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-07-27 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
    http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-07-27.log.html#t2010-07-27T17:59:11

Attendees
---------

Leonardo Rochael, Wichert Akkerman, Jens Vagelpohl, Adam Groszer, Christian
Theune

Review EuroPython
-----------------

Unfortunately no EP participant was around and I'd like to encourage those who
visited EP to give an update to the non-attending Zope developers on what
happened from a Zope perspective. Talks? Sprints? Interesting discussions?

Christian agreed to send a mail inviting participants to write up their
experience.

Review languishing bugs
-----------------------

I retried the experiment inviting the other participants for reviewing
languishing bugs. Instead of the misunderstanding of last week a more in-depth
discussion about expectations WRT communication via bug trackers,
responsiveness, process occured. The discussion was undirected and relatively
general but raised some concerns that might be good input for the upcoming
summit, too.  Please see the IRC log if you're interested in the details.


Agenda
======

- Review EuroPython

- Review languishing bugs. (See
  https://mail.zope.org/pipermail/zope-tests/2010-July/016049.html
  https://mail.zope.org/pipermail/zope-tests/2010-July/016050.html
  https://mail.zope.org/pipermail/zope-tests/2010-July/016051.html
  https://mail.zope.org/pipermail/zope-tests/2010-July/016052.html)


Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.

- Abandoned projects (Tres)

- Expectations for the upcoming Zope summit?

- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)

- ZTK status
    - Towards a ZTK release
        - Documentation
        - Release scope

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Windows
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-14)
        - Win egg builder (Adam)
        - Documentation about VM setup (Adam)
    - Supporting Python 2.7
        - Needs help from the buildbots

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org
        - write blueprint for the consolidation effort (Theuni)
        - Find candidate links and gather them centrally
        - Edit/update the documentation from the link list and
          land in Sphinx-style during a sprint
    - Turn ZTK package documentation into sphinx style (like zope.event)
        - write bug and assign to toolkit projects (Theuni)
    - Provide package documentation under docs.zope.org/<packagename> and keep
      updated based on the projects' trunks. (Jens)

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?

Topic proposals
---------------

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.
