==========
2010-08-03
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-08-03 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
    http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-08-03.log.html#t2010-08-03T17:59:16

Attendees
---------

Stephan Richter, Adam Groszer, Patrick Gerken, Charlie Clark, Christian
Theune, davisagli, Marius Gedminas, Baiju Muthudakan

Documentation
-------------

Christian pointed out that Jens has been working on including the packages'
documentation on doc.zope.org and that it would be good to pick up the other
end (improving existing documentation) now. Christian has little time
currently to write the blueprints/bugs to coordinate that effort and is asking
for help.

Charlie suggested that working on documentation may be a good sprint topic
because people may not want to do it on their own.

Marius asked whether we can have a unified index of our code base ("Were does
method `getAdapter` come from?").

Test runners
------------

Christian asked whether all developers that were supposed to get an MSDN
license have received it by now. Adam did but doesn't know about the others.
We need to ask around, maybe Tres knows.

Adam considers the Windows egg builder and its documentation to be finished.
Due to issues with doc.zope.org and PyPI being down we couldn't have a look at
it right now.  We'll wait for next week.

Agenda
======


- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org
        - write blueprint for the consolidation effort (Theuni)
        - Find candidate links and gather them centrally
        - Edit/update the documentation from the link list and
          land in Sphinx-style during a sprint
    - Turn ZTK package documentation into sphinx style (like zope.event)
        - write bug and assign to toolkit projects (Theuni)
    - Provide package documentation under docs.zope.org/<packagename> and keep
      updated based on the projects' trunks. (Jens)
    - Unified index?

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Windows
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-14)
        - Win egg builder (Adam)
        - Documentation about VM setup (Adam)

Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.

- Abandoned projects (Tres)

- Expectations for the upcoming Zope summit?

- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)

- ZTK status
    - Towards a ZTK release
        - Documentation
        - Release scope

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Supporting Python 2.7
        - Needs help from the buildbots


- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?

Topic proposals
---------------

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.
