==========
2010-05-25
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-05-25 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Agenda
======

- Windows builds
    - AMI (Sidnei, Adam)
    - Amazon funding (Adam, Christian Theune)

- KGS 3.4.1 release
    - Document release procedure (Adam)
    - Index view for download.zope.org

- Review Bugday, plan next


Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.


- ZTK status
    - Towards a ZTK release
        - Documentation
        - Release scope

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Windows machines
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-02)

- Bug tracking
    - Monitoring tracker status (Charlie Clark, ctheune)

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?

- Metrics for bug days
    - Find a way to demonstrate what/how much work happened on a bug day.

- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)
    - Find second person to run the weekly meetings


Topic proposals
---------------

- Lennart: Of course what applies to Hanno should apply to others making
  releases of packages maintained by the Zope Toolkit project as well. I think
  the ZTK leadership should figure out some kind of guidelines for this that
  people can follow.

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.

Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-05-25.log.html#t2010-05-25T18:00:25

Windows builds
--------------

Adam didn't manage to look into the AMIs due to illness. He did draft an
initial proposal that he started discussed with Christian Theune to get
funding for a hosted windows build machine from the foundation.

However, Amazon might not be the right choice due to the high cost associated
with 64-bit machines.  Rackspace's Windows VMs seem to be a viable alternative
and will be investigated by Adam. Adam and Christian will write a proposal to
present at the next board meeting on 2010-06-02 that:

- includes a trial period (
  funding for 1-2 months to set everything up
  and make sure it does what we need)
- subsequent cost after the trial period
- ensures control over the machine is available to the foundation but can be
  handed over to individual community members easily

An open question is whether 64-bit Windows installations allow installing the
build chains for 32-bit and 64-bit in parallel. (Adam to ask Sidnei for input)

KGS 3.4.1 release
-----------------

The KGS release is going to have a release candidate as soon as Adam gets to
it. He noted that actual .tar and .exe releases will be made on request (the
option will be stated in the release notes).

In an earlier meeting Adam wanted to write documentation about the release
process but pointed out that there's already sufficient documentation in
zope.release that helped him make the releases. Additional baijum and srichter
pointed out resources
(http://wiki.zope.org/zope3/DeveloperInfo#release-management and
http://wiki.zope.org/zope3/MakingARelease) that are related to this.

Tres noted that we might put a new item on our list: generally consolidating
the documentation floating around into the Sphinx documentation we have on
docs.zope.org.

Bugday review
-------------

Individual reports:

- Adam investigated Azure for building packages instead of using Amazon but
  that turned out to be a dead end. Azure is more like GAE than rented virtual
  machines.

- Christian Theune worked on emptying out the Zope 3 bugtracker and fixed some
  bugs along the way. There's 25 bugs left in the tracker now.

- Jens Vagelpohl worked on Zope 2 bugs and hit a dozen.

- Tres landed a patch from bzr and made releases of packages in the aftermath.

- Baijum wrote a few test cases for zope.mkzeoinstance.

Christian Theune noted that we should ponder how to establish a rule for
releasing packages after bugs were fixed without making individual releases
for every change. Having releases shortly after a bug day (like Tres did)
seems reasonable.

We also would like to have some metrics that show what happened on a bug day.
Various options were raised: 

- note bugs that have been worked on in the wiki
- tag bugs with a unique tag
- use a query in LP for "everything that changed on day X"

The next bug day will be agreed upon with an open doodle to the Zope
developers list, Christian will invite for the week that includes 2010-06-15.
