==========
2010-06-01
==========

This is the agenda and summary for the weekly Zope developer meeting of
Tuesday, 2010-06-01 on #zope@irc.freenode.org from 15:00 to 15:30 UTC.

Agenda
======

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?

Ongoing issues
--------------

Those issues are currently ongoing. We don't have to discuss them. We just
need to follow up on them eventually.


- ZTK status
    - Towards a ZTK release
        - Documentation
        - Release scope

- KGS 3.4.1 release
    - Document release procedure (Adam)
    - Index view for download.zope.org

- Test runners / nightly builds
    - Windows machines
        - Compiler licenses (Tres, postponed until after 2010-06-02)
        - AMI/ (Sidnei, Adam)
        - Amazon funding (Adam, Christian Theune)

- Bug tracking
    - Monitoring tracker status (Charlie Clark, ctheune)

- Documentation
    - Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org

- Releases
    - How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for
      which fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any
      automation possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around
      unreleased for a while?

- Metrics for bug days
    - Find a way to demonstrate what/how much work happened on a bug day.

- Meta
    - Review meeting itself, maybe add extra 15 minutes for "meta" once a
      month or every two months? (postponed until 2010-06-01)
    - How to organize open issues in the long run (Blueprints?
      Other tool? Continue text files?)
    - Find second person to run the weekly meetings

Topic proposals
---------------

- Chris McDonough: Pondering *some* (re-)structuring of the ZTK to allow for
  better maintenance/release management/communication/marketing. 

- Christian Theune: I'd like us to ponder how we can (in addition to the
  housekeeping and cleanups we do) also move to do constructive work together
  to expand the stuff that Zope packages (ZTK) is about. How do we go about
  implementing new technologies together, like supporting HTML 5 in the
  various parts? I'd like to start putting in new code in the foreseeable
  future in the zope.* namespace.


Summary
=======

The IRC log is available here:
  http://zope3.pov.lt/irclogs-zope/%23zope.2010-06-01.log.html#t2010-06-01T18:05:03

Attendees
---------

Charlie Clark, Hanno Schlichting, Adam Groszer, Tres Seaver

Documentation
-------------

Consolidate "floating" documentation into Sphinx/docs.zope.org

Lots of useful Zope documentation is spread around so that it is difficult to
find. Tres suggested that we start with the wikis and that much of the work is
editorial - sifting, correcting, updating and deleting.

http://sphinx.pocoo.org/ is a good starting place for learning about Sphinx

Releases
--------

How to find a good point when to cut a new release for a package for which
fixed bugs where registered (or changes have been made)? Any automation
possible to alert us when changes have been sitting around unreleased for a
while?

The current release process is documented at
http://docs.zope.org/zopetoolkit/process/releasing-software.html zest.releaser
and jarn.mkrelease are two tools that can be used to make releasing easier.

The zope.bugtracker script can be used to detect likely packages, eg.  $
bin/check-bugs -s "Fix Committed" -g zopetoolkit

There was no agreement to get a cronjob to pester developers to make releases
for packages where fixes have been committed but it would seem a useful
practice after bug days.
