ZTK meeting - 2010-06-30
========================

Attendance
----------

j-w, hannosch (ccomb joined in later).

Agenda
------

- Minutes of last meeting
- Follow-up on tasks, open points
- New and ongoing tasks, open points.
- Planning the next meeting

Discussion
----------

Minutes of last meeting

- The minutes of the last meeting were principally agreed on.

ZTK alpha release.

- The merge of ccomb's ZTK branch is done. The ZTK structure is now in place.
  Hanno has created a test-release to document the release process. This went
  well and he is about to make an official alpha release!

- The "unresolved" and "deprecated" dependencies in the ZTK has been reviewed.
  All of the packages in these two lists have been removed from the ZTK.

- There was a long discussion about the usefulness of a custom ZTK package
  index besides the ``*.cfg`` files that depict the packages versions. Buildout-
  based projects do not require a custom index, only the version files. "Easy-
  install"-based projects though will need a custom index to control the
  versions of the packages that get installed.

  However, it was questioned whether the custom index should contain packages
  that are not managed as part of the ZTK, but still are dependencies of the
  ZTK (ZODB is such a prominent example) as it would impose too much version-
  policy on consumers of the index.

  The releaseteam is not sure this is actually the case, but, since the members
  of the releaseteam all represent buildout-based projects, the releaseteam
  cannot really know for sure either. It was concluded not to include a custom
  index as part of a ZTK release for the moment. Feedback concerning this
  issue (or maybe even a representative) from a "easy-install"-based ZTK-
  consumer-project is very much welcome.

Tasks
-----

- See about the 64-bit windows ztk buildbot slaves. [j-w]

- Talk to Adam (Grozer?) about 64-bits windows ZTk test machine [hannosch]

- Test Grok-1.1 and trunk against ZTK alpha releaase and report [j-w]

- Test BB against ZTK alpha release and report [ccomb]

Open points
-----------

- Decide on process for new feature versions and the process for going from
  1.1.0 alpha to a final.

- The upgrade versions buildbot updates to non-final releases, it shouldn't.
  Example: zc.recipe.egg=1.2.3b2 # was: 1.2.2 [ccomb?]

- Tres Seaver `posted a matrix <https://mail.zope.org/pipermail/zope-dev/2010-April/040337.html>`_
  depicting what ZTK packages are in use by what frameworks. Each of the
  representatives will review the list of packages all three frameworks use.
  When putting the results together, this should result in a cleaned up ztk.cfg
  and zopeapp.cfg. [ccomb, hannosch, j-w]

Next meeting
------------

Next meeting is scheduled for July 06 16:00 (CET) on #zope.
