ZTK meeting - 2010-11-09
========================

Attendance
----------

j-w, hannosch, ccomb.

Agenda
------

- Discussion
- Tasks
- Planning the next meeting

Discussion
----------

Grok-1.2 has been released, based on ZTK-1.0. Grok still depends on a
handful of "zope.app.*" packages. J-w will list them. Except for
these, all other zope.app.* package will be deprecated for ZTK-1.1.

BlueBream is using ZTK-1.0 and only short of an 1.0 release.

zope.app.authentication will be deprecated, and the latest
zope.pluggableauth included in the ZTK.

ZTK-1.1 is supposed to run on Python-2.7, Python-2.4 support is
dropped. This means, the ZODB version can be updated to
3.10.x. There are actually many more package that can now be updated in
the ZTK, like zope.testing and zope.testrunner.

The ZTK would like to use Distribute by default.

The buildout.cfg files in maintenance branches of packages in the ZTK
should extend from a specific version of the ZTK themselves to get a
predictable result.

The trunks of packages in the ZTK could, for example like the Grok
project does, extend from the ``*.cfg`` files in the ZTK trunk. Specific
version pins can be defined in the package's [version] section.

There needs to be a roadmap for Python-3.0 support. Hanno will inform
with Lennart Regebro about the current status.

Hanno will check for minor version updates in the packages and see if
it warrants a ZTK-1.0.1 release.


Tasks
-----

* update minor version of packages for ZTK-1.0.1 [hannosch]

* deprecate zope.app.* from ZTK trunk [j-w]

* update all packages in the ZTK trunk [ccomb]

Next meeting
------------

Next meeting is scheduled for November 23rd 20:30 (CET) on #zope.
