ZTK meeting - 2010-09-07
========================

Attendance
----------

j-w, hannosch, ccomb.

Agenda
------

- Minutes of last meeting
- Follow-up on tasks, open points
- New and ongoing tasks, open points
- Planning the next meeting

Discussion
----------

Minutes of last meeting

- The minutes of the last meeting were not finished in time.

Tasks

- The 1.0a3 release was made just after the last meeting. Thusfar the
  releaseteam did not get negative feedback on this release.

- There are not too many Windows test failures left and all had to do with
  support for Python-2.4.4.

- The documentation status for the packages of the ZTK was discussed. They
  should be easily accessible. They are now on
  http://docs.zope.org/ztkpackages.html and
  http://docs.zope.org/ztkapppackages.html. For the 1.0 release the releaseteam
  deems the current status as sufficient. Documentation quality could affect a
  package's status within the ZTK.

- The landing page on http://download.zope.org/zopetoolkit/ should provide
  helpful pointers to more information.

- We'd like to have an aggregated changelog for the ZTK packages. The BB
  project has some scripts that maybe can be reused.

- hannosch and j-w will attend the Zope Summit on September 13th and 14th
  @gocept.

Tasks
-----

- Landing page for http://download.zope.org/zopetoolkit/. [hannosch]

- Windows test failures [j-w]

- Add a remark about the discover-ztk buildbot to the release-procedures.rst
  file [ccomb].

Open points
-----------

- ...

Next meeting
------------

Next meeting is scheduled for September 21st 16:00 (CEST) on #zope.
