ZTK meeting - 2010-06-01
========================

Attendance
----------

ccomb, j-w, hannosch

Agenda
------

- Minutes of last meeting
- Follow-up on tasks, open points
- New and ongoing tasks, open points.
- Planning the next meeting

Discussion
----------

Minutes of last meeting

- The minutes were principally agreed on.

Buildslaves testing the ZTK on required platforms

- The test reports from the buildslaves as setup by Jan-Jaap testing the ZTK on
  the Windows platform are now indeed sent to zope-test.

- We still need 64-bit Windows slaves. Jan-Jaap notes that The Health Agency
  will be somewhat busy the coming period, so these slaves might need to wait a
  little more. Unless of course someone else sets up slaves.

- Note that the buildslaves set up by THA test the``released`` packages and
  thus should not need a compiler installed. So, an MSDN license is not
  necessary for these slaves.

- Ccomb made sure we have a buildbot testing the ZTK releases (and not SVN).

ZTK-layout

- ccomb started a ZTK branch where he made a new layout for the ZTK files.

- ccomb suggested creating and maintaining an ``extras.cfg`` where packages
  that make up "a common ecosphere" of software would be tested with and
  against the official ZTK.

- hannosch and j-w didn't see the need for such an ``extras.cfg`` as it would
  put extra maintenance burden on the ZTK-release-team efforts without a clear
  benefit. They're in favor of a clearly defined set of packages that define
  the essence of a ZTK and nothing more.

- After discussions a decision was made to remove the concept of the
  ``extras.cfg`` and go from there. If at some point in the future we think
  such a list of extra package is needed after all, we can resurrect the
  concept.

- Since most of the ZTK-consumer frameworks will actually maintain lists of
  extra packages needed for their frameworks, it was suggested to send in
  automated test reports about the respective ecospheres. This will provide a
  sense of coherence and stability. (see for example the "Grok Toolkit" that
  extends the ZTK).

- Breakage of these ecospheres will be the responsibility of the respective
  communities.

- The ZTK contains sections referring to unresolved dependencies and other
  questionable packages. These packages need to be reviewed.

Tasks
-----

- We want 64bit Linux and Windows tests for the ZTK. j-w is bugging janjaap to
  create those. Maybe contact ccomb for adding slaves to "afpy". We can resolve
  this issue when the build reports are coming in on zope-test. [j-w]

- Each of the representatives will review the list of packages all three
  frameworks use, as made by Tres. [ccomb, hannosch, j-w]

- Update the http://docs.zope.org/zopetoolkit/about/coreextra.html
  documentation. [hannosch]

- Update the ccomb branch to reflect the ``extras.cfg`` decision. [ccomb]

- Review the unresolved dependencies sections in the ZTK. [j-w]

Open points
-----------

- Decide on process for new feature versions and the process for going from
  1.1.0 alpha to a final.

Next meeting
------------

2010-06-15, 20:00 to 21:00 CET on #zope
