ZTK meeting - 2010-09-21
========================

Attendance
----------

j-w, hannosch, ccomb.

Agenda
------

- Minutes of last meeting
- Follow-up on tasks, open points
- New and ongoing tasks, open points
- Planning the next meeting

Discussion
----------

Minutes of last meeting

- The minutes of the last meeting were not finished in time.

Tasks

- Hannosch will try to work on a landing page for download.zope.org.

- Hannosch, with the help of icemac, have been working on fixing test
  dependencies for the ZTK 1.0. There is some work left. Of specific interest
  is the zope.app.interface package that BB currently depends on.

- There's a lack of overview over the various buildbots that test the ZTK (in
  various profiles). It was suggested to add an `svn info` step to the builds.
  This will provide enough information for reproducing (failed) builds in order
  to effectively fix issues. Agrozer volunteered to ask the various buildbot
  maintainers to add such a build step.

- In these cases where a package breaks the ZTK builds, a maintenance branch
  for that package will be created.

- Once the ZTK 1.0 released and work for 1.1 is undertaken, even more of the
  zope.app.* packages will be deprecated. Especially in the area of test
  dependencies. It was noted that zope.component.testlayer,
  zope.app.wsgi.testlayer and zope.app.appsetup.testlayer have test
  infrastructure that could help migrating away from zope.app.testing and
  zope.app.zcmlfiles. These testlayer modules were created by Martijn Faassen
  and Sylvian Viollon during the two "zapp zope.app" Grok sprints.

Tasks
-----

- Landing page for http://download.zope.org/zopetoolkit/. [hannosch]

- Setting up new ZTK "giant" buildbot [ccomb].

Open points
-----------

- ...

Next meeting
------------

Next meeting is scheduled for September 28st 16:00 (CEST) on #zope.
