ZTK meeting - 2010-06-15
========================

Attendance
----------

ccomb, j-w, hannosch

Agenda
------

- Minutes of last meeting
- Follow-up on tasks, open points
- New and ongoing tasks, open points.
- Planning the next meeting

Discussion
----------

Minutes of last meeting

- The minutes were principally agreed on.

ZTK-layout

- Hanno updated http://docs.zope.org/zopetoolkit/about/libraries.html to
  reflect the ztk release team's vision.

- zope.file and zope.html will be removed from the ztk as they do not seem
  fundamental to the toolkit.

- Work will continue for the other "under-review" packages.

- Work will continue on implementing the decided packages policy in the ZTK.

- Zope2's next release will be an alpha next week. The final is target
  somewhere in september/october. Conceptually this new Zope2
  release will be based on ZTK 1.0.

Tasks
-----

- Update the ccomb branch to reflect the ``extras.cfg`` decision. [ccomb]

- Review the unresolved dependencies sections in the ZTK. [j-w]

- See about the 64-bit windows ztk buildbot slaves. [j-w]

- Merge the "ccomb" branch. [hannosch and ccomb]

Open points
-----------

- Decide on process for new feature versions and the process for going from
  1.1.0 alpha to a final.

- The upgrade versions buildbot updates to non-final releases, it shouldn't.
  Example: zc.recipe.egg=1.2.3b2 # was: 1.2.2 [ccomb?]

- Make an alpha release and document the release procedure.

- Tres Seaver posted a matrix depicting what ZTK packages are in use by what
  frameworks. Each of the representatives will review the list of packages all
  three frameworks use. When putting the results together, this should result
  in a cleaned up ztk.cfg and zopeapp.cfg.
  [ccomb, hannosch, j-w]

Next meeting
------------

Ideally somewhere in the week of 2010-06-22. Team members will keep each other
updated during the coming week.
