ZTK meeting - 2010-08-17
========================

Attendance
----------

j-w, hannosch, ccomb.

Agenda
------

- Minutes of last meeting
- Follow-up on tasks, open points
- New and ongoing tasks, open points
- Planning the next meeting

Discussion
----------

Minutes of last meeting

- The minutes of the last meeting were principally agreed on.

Tasks

- BB-1.0b3 uses the ZTK release.

- The checkversions script includes "prefer-final" now.

- http://buildbot.afpy.org/discover-ztk1.0/waterfall is a buildbot that will
  continuously build a working list and a blacklist.

- Windows slaves have been added to the buildslaves overview.

Deprecation of packages in the ZTK

- We'll deprecate every zope.app.* package not used by any framework
  according to http://docs.zope.org/zopetoolkit/releaseteam/package-usage.html
  from the ZTK.

- We'll deprecate zope.documenttemplate from the ZTK.

- We'll consider renaming zope.app.wsgi to zope.wsgi.

- We'll need to investigate to split up zope.app.appsetup into zope.appsetup
  and Grok- and BB-specifics. zope.appsetup could then be part of the ZTK.

- We'll leave zope.server in the ZTK for 1.0 and reconsider for 1.1.

- There's still a series of test failures on the Windows platform. A 1.0
  release should see all tests pass on all chosen platforms though. This
  requires some work to be done.

Tasks
-----

- Add a remark about the discover-ztk buildbot to the release-procedures.rst
  file [ccomb].

- Change to ``*.cfg``'s for deprecating the packages [hannosch].

- Request download.zope.org access from Jens Vagepohl [j-w].

- Next alpha release planned for 08/23 16:00 (CEST) [hannosch, j-w].

Open points
-----------

- Will Windows test failures for the ZTK block a beta?

Next meeting
------------

Next meeting is scheduled for August 24 16:00 (CEST) on #zope.
