ZTK meeting - 2010-05-18
========================

Attendance
----------

ccomb, j-w, hannosch

Agenda
------

- Minutes of last meeting
- Follow-up on tasks, open points
- New and ongoging tasks, open points.
- Planning the next meeting

Discussion
----------

Minutes of last meeting

- The minues were principly agreed on.

- The minutes of the ztk-release-team meeting are located at
  http://svn.zope.org/zopetoolkit/doc/source/releaseteam/

Buildslaves testing the ZTK on required platforms

- There have been a number of buildbot-slaves setup already. The reports of
  these slaves should be sent to zope-test. The mail-subject needs to be
  foramtted propely for this to work. j-w will coordinate with Jan-Jaap.

- We still need slaves for 64-bit Windows. Work is underway to obtain the
  correct Windows licenses.

- ccomb has setup a buildbot for testing ZTK against released packages (not
  SVN) on 32-bit linux. He will wake it up and have the reports send to zope-
  test as well.

Deprecating packages from ztk.cfg and zopeapp.cfg

- There will be a deprecating.cfg where packages are moved from ztk.cfg and
  zopeapp.cfg.

- The "under-review" and "unresolved-dependencies" sections need special
  scrutiny.

- Tres Seaver posted a matrix depicting what ZTK packages are in use by what
  frameworks. Each of the represenatives will review the list of packages all
  three frameworks use. When putting the results together, this should result
  in a cleaned up ztk.cfg, a cleanup up zopeapp.cfg and a deprecating.cfg.
  [ccomb, hannosch, j-w]

ZTK-1.0

- The release team will do an initial pass on splitting the package lists into
  ztk.cfg, zopeapp.cfg and deprecating.cfg to come to a stable set.

- After this first round, we will declare the ZTK 1.0a1 to have a concrete
  starting point.

- The ZTK-1.0 will be used from Grok-1.2 and BlueBream-1.1 on. The upcoming
  Grok-1.1 release will refer to a specific, slightly older, ZTK revision from
  SVN. Work is going on on Grok-1.2 already and is based on a very recent
  revision of the ZTK.

- hannosch has access to http://download.zope.org/ztk/release/ for uploading
  the releases.

Tasks
-----

- We want 64bit Linux and Windows tests for the ZTK. j-w is bugging janjaap to
  create those. Maybe contact ccomb for adding slaves to "afpy". We can resolve
  this issue when the build reports are comming in on zope-test. [j-w]

- Make sure we have a buildbot testing the ZTK releases (and not SVN) [ccomb]

- Each of the represenatives will review the list of packages all three
  frameworks use, as made by Tres. [ccomb, hannosch, j-w]

Open points
-----------

- Look at and update http://docs.zope.org/zopetoolkit/about/coreextra.html for
  adding/removing policies, probably have a deprecated.cfg file

- Decide on process for new feature versions and the process for going from
  1.1.0 alpha to a final

- the list for "extra" packages still needs to be defined, we could have a
  incoming.cfg and/or extra.cfg

Next meeting
------------

2010-05-25, 14:00 to 15:00 UTC before the zope-dev meeting, in #zope
