ZTK meeting - 2010-07-06
========================

Attendance
----------

j-w, hannosch, ccomb.

Agenda
------

- Minutes of last meeting
- Follow-up on tasks, open points
- New and ongoing tasks, open points.
- Planning the next meeting

Discussion
----------

Minutes of last meeting

- The minutes of the last meeting were principally agreed on.

ZTK alpha release.

- Not much feedback from "direct consumers", Hanno will ask for in direct
  communication with some of the known "consumers".

- Grok works with the released alpha(!).

- Both Grok and Zope2 use their own "toolkits", that are extending the ZTK.
  Bluebream does not (yet) have a "bbkit".

- The roadmap for the 1.0 release is: 1.0b1 around August 15th, 1.0 final in
  September. Dates will be more precise after the holidays of ccomb and j-w.

Tasks
-----

- Checkversions script will be updated [ccomb]

- Add windows slaves to overview of buildslaves [hannosch]

- Test BB against ZTK alpha release and report [ccomb]

- The upgrade versions buildbot updates to non-final releases, it shouldn't.
  Example: zc.recipe.egg=1.2.3b2 # was: 1.2.2 [ccomb?]

- Tres Seaver posted a matrix depicting what ZTK packages are in use by what
  frameworks. Each of the representatives will review the list of packages all
  three frameworks use. When putting the results together, this should result
  in a cleaned up ztk.cfg and zopeapp.cfg. [ccomb, hannosch, j-w]

Open points
-----------

- Decide on process for new feature versions and the process for going from
  1.1.0 alpha to a final.

Next meeting
------------

Next meeting is scheduled for July 13 16:00 (CET) on #zope.
